Az Linux 3.0 in 1.32 preview (#4808)
Azure/AKS: CHANGELOG.md

* General support for AKS Kubernetes version 1.28 was deprecated on Jan 30, 2025. Upgrade your clusters to version 1.29 or later. Refer to [version support policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/supported-kubernetes-versions?tabs=azure-cli#kubernetes-version-support-policy) and [upgrading a cluster](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster?tabs=azure-cli) for more information.
* Azure Kubernetes Service will no longer support the [WebAssembly System Interface (WASI) nodepools (preview).](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-wasi-node-pools) Starting on May 5, 2025 you will no longer be able to create new WASI nodepools. If you'd like to run WebAssembly (WASM) workloads, you can [deploy SpinKube to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/deploy-spinkube) from Azure Marketplace. For more information on this retirement, see [AKS GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/4770).
* The open-source project Bridge to Kubernetes will be retired on April 30, 2025. For more information, please see the [Bridge to Kubernetes](https://github.com/Azure/Bridge-To-Kubernetes) repository.

> * [Azure Linux 3.0](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-linux/how-to-enable-azure-linux-3) is now available on AKS 1.32 Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Azure Linux 3.0](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-linux/how-to-enable-azure-linux-3) is now the default Azure Linux version on AKS 1.32 Preview.
```
